Initial talk track, Slack follow-up, and test exercises (#4)
sourcegraph/customer-training: trainings/sourcegraph-101/talk-track.md

# Sourcegraph 101

> **Topic:** This training is focused on end users, and serves as a start-from-zero training for new end users. Admin tasks and more advanced search functionality are covered in other trainings. The training is broken into 5 units, but you don't need to call the units out to the customer—they serve more as a way to structure the training for yourself.

Author: There is a separate version of this content that is formatted for an LMS. This is intended as a talk track, and so I think it's worth formatting it as if that's what it will remain, including notes for CEs. 

@amenne , thoughts?

> **Topic:** This training is focused on end users, and serves as a start-from-zero training for new end users. Admin tasks and more advanced search functionality are covered in other trainings. The training is broken into 5 units, but you don't need to call the units out to the customer—they serve more as a way to structure the training for yourself.

Reviewer: LMS styled content wouldn't be scripts or lesson plans, right? Well maybe a lesson plan but complementary content for it. It seems like this repo and content is for CEs (or in the future trainers) to use / reference for live training.

As for an earlier comment:
> We need to decide if we want to keep a script format or a lesson plan format where the script is more determined by the trainer and the objectives, information, etc is here.

I think both are good: scripts for newer folks to have as guides to make their own and lesson plans for more tenured people to use as a guide.. Thoughts?

> **Topic:** This training is focused on end users, and serves as a start-from-zero training for new end users. Admin tasks and more advanced search functionality are covered in other trainings. The training is broken into 5 units, but you don't need to call the units out to the customer—they serve more as a way to structure the training for yourself.

Reviewer 2: I don't mind a script if it's helpful for people less tenured, but would prefer more of a reference of talking points with some information that's self-serviceable. I think for now keeping the script style works for shipping something and we can iterate on it by expanding the script to talking points in a "lesson plan" style and do that for other trainings going forward.

> **Topic:** This training is focused on end users, and serves as a start-from-zero training for new end users. Admin tasks and more advanced search functionality are covered in other trainings. The training is broken into 5 units, but you don't need to call the units out to the customer—they serve more as a way to structure the training for yourself.

Author: @amenne Correct, it's intended to be consumed as written content. (And yes, supplemental to the lesson plan.) This specific content is intended as a reference point for CEs, yes. (You've seen the LMS content, which is in GDrive for now but will be moved over here as well for future reference.) 

I'm going to ship this as-is and can build a lesson plan version alongside, if there's a feeling that lesson plan content is valuable.

## Intro

> Hi! Today I'm going to be walking you thorugh what we call Sourcegraph 101—it should take you from 0 to being able to use Sourcegraph confidently. We of course don't have time for a dive into all of what Sourcegraph can do today, so we'll be running a Sourcegraph 102 training in our next session to talk about advanced features. That said, throughout today, please ask questions! You can take yourself off mute or drop it into the chat, and my colleague will read them out for us when we come to a pause. Even if I can't answer the question today, I'll connect you to someone who can.

Author: This is intended as a talk track, thus the script format. There will be separate customer-facing versions of the content intended for slotting into a customer LMS, so I don't think it makes sense to write this as if it's customer facing. I chose this format primarily because of feedback I've heard from CEs about challenges with putting that content together into their own script. 

@amenne , do you have thoughts?

> Hi! Today I'm going to be walking you thorugh what we call Sourcegraph 101—it should take you from 0 to being able to use Sourcegraph confidently. We of course don't have time for a dive into all of what Sourcegraph can do today, so we'll be running a Sourcegraph 102 training in our next session to talk about advanced features. That said, throughout today, please ask questions! You can take yourself off mute or drop it into the chat, and my colleague will read them out for us when we come to a pause. Even if I can't answer the question today, I'll connect you to someone who can.

Reviewer: I think I answered above but I see value in both immediately: script and lesson plan. Over time as this training piece moves entirely away from CEs and over to dedicated trainers we won't need this but many CEs have still yet to go through these things for the first time so they might find more guidance helpful (we don't want them simply reading this verbatim -- we want them to make it their own natural voice).

We gotta think about this as crawl, walk, run. I'd argue we're at the baby can roll over stage even. Customer-facing / self-service is 10000% the direction we wanna get to and I recognize that will look differently, too.

> Hi! Today I'm going to be walking you thorugh what we call Sourcegraph 101—it should take you from 0 to being able to use Sourcegraph confidently. We of course don't have time for a dive into all of what Sourcegraph can do today, so we'll be running a Sourcegraph 102 training in our next session to talk about advanced features. That said, throughout today, please ask questions! You can take yourself off mute or drop it into the chat, and my colleague will read them out for us when we come to a pause. Even if I can't answer the question today, I'll connect you to someone who can.

Author: this PR represents tummy time.

> Hi! Today I'm going to be walking you thorugh what we call Sourcegraph 101—it should take you from 0 to being able to use Sourcegraph confidently. We of course don't have time for a dive into all of what Sourcegraph can do today, so we'll be running a Sourcegraph 102 training in our next session to talk about advanced features. That said, throughout today, please ask questions! You can take yourself off mute or drop it into the chat, and my colleague will read them out for us when we come to a pause. Even if I can't answer the question today, I'll connect you to someone who can.

Author: Given this, seems like the direction is to keep the content as-is and push a lesson plan separately (same directory, separate PR) for the more tenured CEs/customer train the trainer as we get there.

@IAmHughes Assuming that you agree with the above, would you mind approving the PR?

Today we'll walk through what Sourcegraph is, our search options, our search filters, our code intelligence functionality, and our notebook functionality. By the end, you should be comfortable using all of those features!

## Unit 1: Get familiar with Sourcegraph

**Learning goals:** After completing this unit, customers will understand what Sourcegraph is and what it does, understand its 5 most common use cases, and learn a little more about how other companies use Sourcegraph.

> *Unit 1 will typically accompany an intro deck. If your customer is already generally quite familiar with what Sourcegraph is, deliver an abbreviated version of Unit 1 and move on to Unit 2.*

Author: It's managed by the AE typically, and they tend to have their preferences for what they pull. It's generally customized overall, which is why I didn't link to any one in particular. https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gplLIYGVzrqgyNOLhDrCtlF_VpXFIBRDtw6S6iOEaro/edit is a good baseline example.

> *Unit 1 will typically accompany an intro deck. If your customer is already generally quite familiar with what Sourcegraph is, deliver an abbreviated version of Unit 1 and move on to Unit 2.*

Reviewer 2: That makes sense, thanks!

### What is Sourcegraph?

> Sourcegraph is a code search engine that runs in the browser, as well as being available via a CLI or (in some editors) in your editor. Today, we’ll focus on the browser, but after this training I will share info on the CLI and the IDE extensions for you to explore.

Author: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph is a code search engine that runs in the browser, as well as being available via a CLI or (for some editors) directly in your IDE. Today, we’ll focus on the browser, but after this training I will share info on the CLI and the IDE extensions for you to explore.
```

> Sourcegraph is a code search engine that runs in the browser, as well as being available via a CLI or (in some editors) in your editor. Today, we’ll focus on the browser, but after this training I will share info on the CLI and the IDE extensions for you to explore.

Author: I think this scans slightly better; "in some editors/in your editor)" doesn't quite convey what I'm intending to.

With Sourcegraph, you can use literal, regular expression, or structurally aware searches and search filters to find information across your company’s entire source code. Unlike using grep or searching locally in your editor, Sourcegraph allows you to see all of your company’s code, regardless of what you have available locally. 

> In addition to allowing you to search for your code, Sourcegraph provides additional functionality, such as code intelligence (“find references” and “go to def” like you’d see in a local editor, available for all of your code); you can also do advanced searches such as searching commit messages, searching changes to your code, searching non-default branches, and searching symbols in your code. In this module, we’ll cover basic searches, and in our Sourcegraph 102 training, you’ll learn more advanced search techniques.

Author: I'm not particularly wedded to one thing or another, but yeah, module was the language we were using with another customer so I carried it over here.

Typically, developers use Sourcegraph for [five key use cases](https://about.sourcegraph.com/use-cases/): 

1. Finding and fixing security vulnerabilities - If a CVE is announced, easily find if your code uses an impacted version of a dependency.
2. Accelerating developer onboarding for new team members - Allow new developers to answer their own questions by being able to search *all* code, rather than having to guess-and-check where the code they need is located.
3. Resolving incidents faster - Easily search recent changes to the code to find what might have caused the issue.
4. Streamlining code reuse - Surfacing code via search means it’s easier to avoid reinventing existing code, leading to more consistent, efficient coding practices.
5. Improving code health - If you’re trying to change from an antipattern to a best practice, use Sourcegraph to see how much work there is to do across the entire codebase.

While we're working together today, think about which of these use cases is most relevant to your day to day work. That will help you conceive of how the tool might be most relevant to your particular needs, so that you can get the most out of the tool.

### Conclusion

> Sourcegraph is a code search tool that allows you to find all of your company’s code in the browser in order to make your work easier and more efficient. Next up, we’ll dive in to the tool to learn how to search in Sourcegraph.

Author: Good thought.

```suggestion
Sourcegraph is a code search and intelligence platform that allows you to find all of your company’s code in the browser in order to make your work easier and more efficient. Next up, we’ll dive in to the tool to learn how to search in Sourcegraph.
```

### Resources

> *Share these with the customer after the call, typically in Slack.*

Author: ```suggestion
*Share these with the customer after the call, typically in Slack.*

* [Follow-up Slack template](/slack-follow-up.md)
```

To run your search using [RE2 regex syntax](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax), click the .* icon before running your search. If you click that icon after running your search, your search will re-run as a regex search. In regular expression searches, space characters are handled as fuzzy matches. So you see here that if I run that `new auth provider` search as a regex, I'm now getting matches for `new authz provider`, `newOAuthProvider`, etc. I can also enforce word boundaries, so if I run a search for `new \bauth\b provider`, I'm only going to see results where auth is not a substring.

*Search for context:global new \bauth\b provider patternType:regexp , show the results*

The final search mode option is our language-aware structural search option, represented by the square bracket button ([]). When selected, you’ll have the option to include structural holes, represented by … or :[a] in your query, to run multi-line fuzzy searches. 

*Search for context:global lang:JavaScript class ... extends ... {...} count:all patternType:structural*

> So, for example, if I search for `context:global lang:JavaScript class ... extends ... {...} count:all patternType:structural`, I get a really wide variety of results that match that pattern. Something to call out is that structural search mode is smart enough to match nested characters—so you can see it won't prematurely close on the first closing curly brace it sees; instead, it will wait until it finds the matching one.

Author: I tend to stay away from addressing that when showing structural at this point in the flow in order to allow it to be addressed further on in the demo.

> So, for example, if I search for `context:global lang:JavaScript class ... extends ... {...} count:all patternType:structural`, I get a really wide variety of results that match that pattern. Something to call out is that structural search mode is smart enough to match nested characters—so you can see it won't prematurely close on the first closing curly brace it sees; instead, it will wait until it finds the matching one.

Reviewer 2: @emchap makes sense to me. I don't remember seeing it further in this module, is it part of 102 maybe? We have a question in the test exercises about using a structural search but I don't think we cover how to create a structural search outside of this area, which is why I thought a breakout may be useful. What do you think? 😄

I'm going to pause here: are there any questions about our three search modes, or do folks have use cases that jump to mind for any of them?

*Pause, leave space for questions, get a drink of water*

### The search results page

Awesome! So, let's chat through what you'll see when you run the search. When you run your search, you will be redirected to a search results page. It will look something like this:

*run the `new auth provider` regex search again*

> The main area of the page will show your search results, with the matching text highlighted. By default, you’ll see one line above and below your matching line, in order to provide some context on the search result. The number of lines shown can be customized in your user settings page, if you prefer. Above the search result, you’ll see the repo name and the file path within the repo. If your match is for a file path or repo name, you’ll see just a link to that repo or file, with no preview code.

Author: Yeah, I think it's just unclear without a visual aid. If you read the line looking at the search results, does it make sense?

> The main area of the page will show your search results, with the matching text highlighted. By default, you’ll see one line above and below your matching line, in order to provide some context on the search result. The number of lines shown can be customized in your user settings page, if you prefer. Above the search result, you’ll see the repo name and the file path within the repo. If your match is for a file path or repo name, you’ll see just a link to that repo or file, with no preview code.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think with a visual aid it's perfectly fine. We'll just have to keep that in mind whenever this is made into a LMS type of course or if we ever have the course material available later that adding some images could be useful here.

To note, I'm a fan of being careful how many images are added because it's technical debt if UI changes occur, haha.

### Conclusion

Sourcegraph offers three search modes, controlled by buttons in the search toolbar. In our next units, we’ll learn more about those search modes and filters to narrow down your search results. 

### Resources

- [Sourcegraph](https://sourcegraph.com)
- [Sourcegraph Documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com)

## Unit 3: Introduction to filters

**Learning goall:** By the end of this unit, users should understand how to use our filter functionality.

### Dynamic filters

So as I mentioned, Sourcegraph provides filters to narrow down your search result. You'll see on the top left here that it's suggesting filters based on the results that were returned—so in this case, I can narrow down to just Golang files by clicking this `lang:go` option.

*Click the lang:go filter.*

If I prefer, of course, I can type that filter in as well. 

*Type in the lang: filter, show the autocomplete language options.*

It's also suggesting I exclude test code—often super useful if you just want to look at application code. So if I click this `-file:_test.go$` button

*Click the button*

> you can see that I'm not only seeing code where the file path does not end in `test.go`. Most of our filters work this way: you can negate by adding a negative sign in front of them. I also want to make sure that folks know this `file:` filter exists to limit results to certain file paths—super useful if you want to just search in a Dockerfile, for example. 

Reviewer 2: I think the commit suggestion applies regardless, but for the other point you're totes right and I forgot we had just clicked the file filter above this, haha.

The final filter I want to highlight here is this list of repositories. These results are showing what repos your code is in, ordered by most to fewest results. If I click on `github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph` here, you'll see that I'm narrowed down to just the main Sourcegraph monorepo.

*Click on the filter*

Something to highlight is that our repo filter, like most of our filters, automatically supports partial matching—so if I search `repo:sourcegraph`, I'll see matches from all of the repos in the Sourcegraph org. 

*Delete the first repo filter, run the repo:sourcegraph search, highlight the repos that are now being returned*

But to go back to the monorepo filter

> *Go back to the repo:github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph$ filter*

Author: (The app will auto-populate it if it generates the autocomplete but it isn't required for the query to work.)

*Show them the box where these options exist.*

This will allow you to build your own queries beyond what's suggested by dynamic filters. 

### Type filters

Very briefly—we'll cover this in more detail in Sourcegraph 102—I want to cover our `type:` filter. You can see here on the top left we have "find a symbol", "search commit messages", and "search diffs". I want to very briefly show how those work.

So, with my  `new auth provider` search here, if I click "find a symbol", it will append `type:symbol`. 

*Do this.*

You can see that I'm now seeing functions, variables, etc. that match this pattern—so if I'm looking for a specific symbol, this is how I'd do that!

Now, if I wanted to search the history of the code—say I want to go beyond the history for the file, because the code has moved between files—I can use this `type:diff` filter. So if I search for `new auth provider repo:sourcegraph/sourcegraph$ type:diff`, I can now see every time that code was changed in the codebase, no matter where in the repo it was.

*Run the search.*

> Finally, I want to highlight how you can search commit messages. Say that I'm a new Sourcegraph dev and I want to look for info about `gitserver`, one of our app components. If I search for `gitserver repo:sourcegraph/sourcegraph$ type: commit`, I'm now able to look at all the commit messages where we talk about gitserver!

Author: You are correct! It's a typo.

### Conclusion

With our query filters, you can narrow things down to find just the content you need, based on the results that Sourcegraph is returning!

### Resources

- [Three ways to search code with Sourcegraph](https://learn.sourcegraph.com/three-ways-to-search-code-with-sourcegraph)
- [Sourcegraph code search cheat sheet](https://learn.sourcegraph.com/how-to-search-code-with-sourcegraph-a-cheat-sheet)

## Unit 4: Code intelligence

**Learning goals:** Users will know how our code intelligence functionality works and how they can use it.

### Viewing code intelligence in a file

So, I mentioned earlier that we offer code intelligence functionality, and I want to show that to you now.

*Click in to a file of your choice, and find a symbol to hover on.*

So you can see here that I clicked in to one of my search results, and I can now see the source code. What I'm also seeing here is this over tool tip, which has what we call code intelligence. By default we'll ship with search-based code intelligence; for some languages, we also offer what we call precise code intelligence, which is compiler-accurate. 

> *If you know they've set up precise code intel or will, speak to that. If you're not sure, you can use this space to ask what langauges they're working in in order to see if there's any that are a good fit. This section will necessarily require some customization based on what you know about the customer.*

Author: ```suggestion
languages
```

> *If you know they've set up precise code intel or will, speak to that. If you're not sure, you can use this space to ask what langauges they're working in in order to see if there's any that are a good fit. This section will necessarily require some customization based on what you know about the customer.*

Author: ```suggestion
***Note:** If you know they've set up precise code intel or will, speak to that. If you're not sure, you can use this space to ask what languages they're working in in order to see if there's any that are a good fit. This section will necessarily require some customization based on what you know about the customer.*
```

> Something to call out here is that when I click "find references" to find places where this symbol is used, or "go to definition" to find where it's defined, that works cross-repo. So, you should be able to see that no matter where in the code it's being used, allowing you to really track the downstream impact of changes. 

Author: It's referring to the information that pops up when the references/def panel is engaged.

```suggestion
Something to call out here is that when I click `find references` to find places where this symbol is used, or `go to definition` to find where it's defined, that functionality works cross-repo. So, you should be able to see those results no matter where in the code the symbol is being used, allowing you to really track the downstream impact of changes. 
```

> Something to call out here is that when I click "find references" to find places where this symbol is used, or "go to definition" to find where it's defined, that works cross-repo. So, you should be able to see that no matter where in the code it's being used, allowing you to really track the downstream impact of changes. 

Reviewer 2: Makes sense, thanks!

You can also enable the Notepad feature by clicking "enable Notepad" up here in the top right of the screen.

*Show that.*

That will allow you to create a new note snippet from your searches. So you can see that if I search for `context:global new auth provider repo:sourcegraph patternType:regexp`, it prompts me to add that search to my notepad. I can then convert the notepad to a notebook.

I want to pause here—do folks have questions about creating notebooks? Can anyone share a situation where they might use the notebooks feature?

### Conclusion

With notebooks, you can share code context and explanations with your teammates. The Notepad feature lets you build notebooks on the go.

### Resources 

* [Notebooks documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/notebooks)

## Unit 6: Extensions

**Learning goals:** The user will understand how our extensions platform functions and that IDE extensions exist.

### Intro to the extensions page

The final thing that I want to touch on is our extensions platform. You can access that by clicking the puzzle icon at the top right here.

> *Navigate to https://demo.sourcegraph.com/extensions*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Navigate to the [Sourcegraph extensions](https://demo.sourcegraph.com/extensions) page*
```

### Editor extensions 

We integrate with a variety of services here, but the one I particularly want to draw your attention to is this "code editors" section. If you click into that, you'll see a list of supported editors and a generic "open in editor" extension. 

> *Navigate to https://demo.sourcegraph.com/extensions?category=Code+editors*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Navigate to `https://demo.sourcegraph.com/extensions?category=Code+editors`*
```

You'll want to enable the appropriate extension for your editor, and then click on the extension name to view the customization settings you'll need to configure. 

> *Go to https://demo.sourcegraph.com/extensions/sourcegraph/open-in-editor and highlight the different config options on that page.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Go to `https://demo.sourcegraph.com/extensions/sourcegraph/open-in-editor` and highlight the different config options on that page.*
```

This does rely on having the code locally on your machine—but if you do, you'll have an "open in editor" button in Sourcegraph to open the file locally. And if you want to navigate from your editor back into Sourcegraph, you can do so with the extensions here.

> *Open https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/editor*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Open `https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/editor`*
```

> We'll share this link with you after the presentation so you can install the right extension for you. You'll just need to point it at the right Sourcegraph instance in your settings. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We'll share this link with you after the presentation so you can install the right extension for you. You'll just need to point it at your Sourcegraph instance in your settings. 
```

### VSCode extension

For VSCode users—and soon JetBrains users!—we have a more robust integration. With VSCode, you actually can do everythign we've seen so far directly in VSCode.

*Share VSCode, open the Sourcegraph extension, run a search*

> So as you can see here, I'm able to search all of the same code that's on my Sourcegraph instance, no matter what's local. We really encourage VSCode users to install this extension, since it gives you all of Sourcegraph's search power right in the environment you're already using.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So as you can see here, I'm able to search all of the same code that's on my Sourcegraph instance, no matter what's local. This means without cloning every repository to search everywhere in VSCode, Sourcegraph can search all local AND remote repositories that you have access to on your code host. We really encourage VSCode users to install this extension, since it gives you all of Sourcegraph's search power right in the environment you're already using.
```

I think I called this out before in person, but this is a hugely powerful thing that I don't think is conveyed well in our current scripting, so I tried to wordsmith it a bit. Open to thoughts 👍

Reviewer 2: I like this, thanks!

### Browser extension

The final thing I want to touch on is our browser extension, which you can see I have installed here.

*Share browser, show the extension button, click it.*

Remember the code intelligence functionality that we saw earlier? If I have this set up and pointing to my Sourcegraph instance, I have the ability to get that same functionality in my code host, which is *super* useful for code review. So, if I open a page in Sourcegraph, I can go to GitHub in our case.

> *Jump from whatever Sourcegraph page you were on into GitHub. Ideally, use one from our repo.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Jump from whatever Sourcegraph page you were on into GitHub. Ideally, use one from a Sourcegraph repository.*
```

And now if I hover over any of the symbols, I get access to that same code intelligence functionality and navigation. Super helpful for code review!

To install the extension, you'll want to go to this page. We'll share that in our follow-up email.

> *Show them https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_extension*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Show them `https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_extension`*
```

### Conclusion

Our editors functionality lets you integrate with third-party tools, including your editor, for a seamless experience.

### Resources

* [VSCode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sourcegraph.sourcegraph)
* [Editor plugins](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/editor)
* [Integrations](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration)
* [Browser extension](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/integration/browser_extension)

## Closing thoughts

Thanks so much for staying with me through this training! Today we covered our basic search functionality, our search filters, how to search commit and code history, code intelligence, notebooks, and our extensions platform. This should set you up for success in using Sourcegraph—if you have any issues, please post in Slack or shoot an email to support@sourcegraph.com so we can help you out.

I want to pause here for questions—we can dive into anything you want. 

> *If there are questions, answer them. If not, kick it back to the AE.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*If there are questions, answer them.*
```

Being a public repo that we may have serve as a reference for self service type of thing or a handout to go to trainers, maybe we don't need to call out the AE steps here?

Reviewer: Perhaps the disconnect here is that we want this trainings repo to be both for internal CE reference and external customer self-service before we have an LMS? If that's true, can we create sub branches here? I see value in both in lieu of an LMS. I understand this script is for CE enablement / use and not intended for a customer to discover it and use it for their own learning.

What do we think here?

Reviewer 2: Should we make this repository private if it's only for internal use then? I thought having a public-facing repo would mean public-facing material, which is why I was suggesting removing internal language like "kick it back to the AE." Open to thoughts here for sure. I think we said in other comments maybe having a script and more of a lesson plan style, and then later some other sort of course content as well, so we'll have to see how many artifacts we're creating and what may need some rework later as we ship.

Author: @IAmHughes All of Sourcegraph's content is public unless there's a strong business case not to have it as such (specific customer information, some RFCs). This represents that cultural standard more than a specific external audience.

@amenne I'm happy to create a separate lesson plan document in this directory, if we want to do that. The CE could then provide that if we/as we move to a customer train-the-trainer model. I do think there's no harm in having this public; we just would have the CE give the other, more tailored content to them directly. (Even in a train-the-trainer situation, they're not going out to get this on their own, they'll be given the appropriate training and link by the CE.) That work?
